Release RC2 (#271)
JoshOrndorff/recipes: text/drafts/tight-and-loose-coupling.md

# Substrate Types and Traits

Pallets may access their own associated types as well as the associated types of other pallets in
the runtime. This is seen in most pallets when they access `frame_system`'s associated `AccountId`
type. All pallets are tightly coupled to `frame_system` through this syntax, and thus have access to

> its types. You may optionally couple to additional pallets in this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its types. You may optionally tie together additional pallets in this way.
```

Author: Wow I didn't even remember that this draft was here. Just today I was working on https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/recipes/pull/272

Author: Actually, I'm not going to take this change because this draft is getting deleted in #272.
